#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alembic==1.13.2
    # via flask-migrate
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
arabic-reshaper==3.0.0
    # via xhtml2pdf
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via connexion
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   oscrypto
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-babel
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   funding-service-design-utils
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   sentry-sdk
boto3==1.35.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flipper-client
botocore==1.35.7
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.1.0
    # via flask-compress
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via flipper-client
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via reportlab
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   flask
    #   pyhanko
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
connexion==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
cssmin==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via svglib
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
docopt==0.6.2
    # via num2words
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
flask==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-assets
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-compress
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-redis
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   sentry-sdk
flask-assets==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-compress==1.15
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==4.0.7
    # via funding-service-design-utils
flask-redis==0.4.0
    # via funding-service-design-utils
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via
    #   flask-migrate
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-talisman==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-wtf==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flipper-client==1.3.2
    # via funding-service-design-utils
funding-service-design-utils==2.0.52
    # via -r requirements.in
govuk-frontend-jinja==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via funding-service-design-utils
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
html5lib==1.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via connexion
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via connexion
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   connexion
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   govuk-frontend-jinja
    #   swagger-ui-bundle
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsmin==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   connexion
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-path==0.3.3
    # via openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via openapi-spec-validator
lxml==5.3.0
    # via svglib
mako==1.3.5
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
num2words==0.5.13
    # via -r requirements.in
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.2
    # via openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via pyhanko-certvalidator
pathable==0.4.3
    # via jsonschema-path
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   reportlab
    #   xhtml2pdf
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyee==6.0.0
    # via flipper-client
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyhanko==0.25.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
pyhanko-certvalidator==0.26.3
    # via
    #   pyhanko
    #   xhtml2pdf
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   pyjwt
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pypdf==4.3.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
pyscss==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-bidi==0.6.0
    # via xhtml2pdf
python-consul==1.1.0
    # via flipper-client
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via funding-service-design-utils
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via funding-service-design-utils
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via connexion
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   flask-babel
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   connexion
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   pyhanko
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via pyhanko
redis==4.6.0
    # via
    #   flask-redis
    #   flipper-client
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
reportlab==4.2.2
    # via
    #   svglib
    #   xhtml2pdf
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
    #   python-consul
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via openapi-schema-validator
rich==12.6.0
    # via funding-service-design-utils
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.10.2
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk[flask]==1.45.1
    # via funding-service-design-utils
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   pyscss
    #   python-consul
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   thrift
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.32
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via funding-service-design-utils
starlette==0.38.2
    # via connexion
svglib==1.5.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
swagger-ui-bundle==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
thrift==0.20.0
    # via flipper-client
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   connexion
    #   pypdf
    #   qrcode
    #   sqlalchemy
tzlocal==5.2
    # via pyhanko
uritools==4.0.3
    # via pyhanko-certvalidator
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
webassets==2.0
    # via flask-assets
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via
    #   connexion
    #   flask
wtforms==3.1.2
    # via flask-wtf
xhtml2pdf==0.2.16
    # via -r requirements.in
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via flask-compress

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
