#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
alembic==1.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
arabic-reshaper==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   xhtml2pdf
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oscrypto
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redis
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
babel==2.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
black==23.11.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
blinker==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sentry-sdk
boto3==1.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
botocore==1.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-compress
build==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   trio
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   clickclick
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyhanko
clickclick==20.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   build
    #   click
    #   pytest
    #   qrcode
    #   tqdm
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
connexion==2.14.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
cryptography==39.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
cssmin==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   svglib
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
deepdiff==6.7.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   num2words
email-validator==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
filelock==3.9.0
    # via virtualenv
flake8==7.0.0
    # via flake8-pyproject
flake8-pyproject==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flask==2.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask-assets
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-compress
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-redis
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   pytest-flask
    #   sentry-sdk
flask-assets==2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-compress==1.14
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-migrate==4.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-redis==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-sqlalchemy==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-talisman==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-wtf==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flipper-client==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
funding-service-design-utils==2.0.32
    # via -r requirements.txt
govuk-frontend-jinja==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
greenlet==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
h11==0.14.0
    # via wsproto
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   xhtml2pdf
identify==2.5.18
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
    #   trio
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
invoke==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   govuk-frontend-jinja
    #   swagger-ui-bundle
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsmin==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
jsonschema==4.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-path==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   svglib
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nodeenv==1.7.0
    # via pre-commit
num2words==0.5.12
    # via -r requirements.txt
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
outcome==1.2.0
    # via trio
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   connexion
    #   pytest
pathable==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema-path
pathspec==0.11.0
    # via black
pbr==5.11.1
    # via stevedore
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   reportlab
    #   xhtml2pdf
pip-tools==6.13.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
platformdirs==3.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyee==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
pyhanko==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   xhtml2pdf
pyhanko-certvalidator==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyhanko
    #   xhtml2pdf
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pyopenssl==23.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pypdf==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   xhtml2pdf
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   qrcode
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pyscss==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-flask
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-env==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-flask==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-mock==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-bidi==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   xhtml2pdf
python-consul==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   clickclick
    #   connexion
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   pre-commit
    #   pyhanko
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyhanko
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-redis
    #   flipper-client
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
reportlab==3.6.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   svglib
    #   xhtml2pdf
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
    #   python-consul
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
rich==12.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
rpds-py==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
sentry-sdk[flask]==1.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   html5lib
    #   pyscss
    #   python-bidi
    #   python-consul
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   thrift
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.38.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
svglib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   xhtml2pdf
swagger-ui-bundle==0.0.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
thrift==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   qrcode
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2023.4
    # via tzlocal
tzlocal==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyhanko
uritools==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
urllib3[socks]==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.19.0
    # via pre-commit
webassets==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-assets
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask
    #   pytest-flask
wheel==0.38.4
    # via pip-tools
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
wtforms==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-wtf
xhtml2pdf==0.2.11
    # via -r requirements.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
